I'm starving, this right foot is really not human
He actually abused fermented bean curd
Eat slowly
No one is robbing you
Who told these people not to eat?
People are like iron rice and steel meal. If you don't eat, you will be hungry.
cola
Miss Sophie is in a hurry again
Tell me about it.
I'll help you with the chess
Let me tell you something.
It's very simple. Let's go to Lake City this time to explore the real and the real
Who let you see it?
I thought you were deserting
Void talk is stinky
I like it. It's not good for you to speak now.
I advise you to be careful
We are going to Lake City to find flaws
We found it
OK
This place could go to war at any time
The son shouldn't have come here to play in the mountains and waters
The old man is going to war here
Why are you still here?
I was born here
Grow old here
I have nowhere to go from here
Too bad I'm not a rebel general
But for me
It's easy to take down Hu Cheng